[Be/l Ringing]
[Chattering ]
[Buzzer Sounds ]
Aryans put out the word.
Us white boys are on our own.
Yeah, that’s Zobelle tapping
into the shot callers.
[ (Shattering Continues]
[ Prisoner Laughing]
Rosen thinks the case
is being tied up.
Be a Wn/ie before
if sees a courtroom.
Without a color crew,
we ain’t gonna
make it to trial.
Yeah, well,
this herd could use
a little thinnin’.
[ Scoffs ]
it’s not his fault we’re here.
So, what? It’s mine?
We all voted on it.
I’m working on getting us
some friends.
They’re jamming us.
Seven-figure bail?
No court date?
It’s bullshit!
Apparently, they have
security tapes.
Women and children
running for their lives.
You saw what happened to Otto.
They got no protection.
I know.
What about a bondsman?
500,000 a head at 10%,
you’d need 300K to get
the six of them out.
Well, I can post the house.
My dad’s too.
Okay, well, that’s enough
to get out Clay,
maybe Jax, but that’s it.
[Sighs]
No.
Clay won’t leave ’em behind.
I’m sorry, Gemma.
Clay needs you to call Laroy.
Deliver this message, ASAP.
I never saw it,
never gave it to you.
[Envelope Rust/Ing ]
You can use my office.
If you need unis,
I’ll call in an extra shift.
You have any interest
in why I’m here?
Not really.
Who do | brief?
Commanding officer.
Ethan Zobelle and A.J. Weston.
League of American Nationalists.
I know who they are.
Cameron and Edmond Hayes,
True |.R.A.
That’s the reason /’m here.
Same reason Zobelle is.
He wants their guns.
His crew is pushing out the MC.
80, pick up Zobelle,
and squeeze him
for the Irish.
Well, F.B.|.’s working a case
on the separatist group.
Zobelle is on their radar.
So for now
he’s off-limits to us.
Same bureaucratic bullshit,
huh?
Look, I have no interest in
creating any collateral damage
in your town, David.
I’ve already done
my fair share of that.
So any intel that
you could offer would be
greatly appreciated.
Well, I don’t know anything
about the IRA.
But Zobelle is responsible
for the car bombing
at Teller-Morrow.
Well, looks like
the retaliation backfired,
didn’t it?
Jax tried to prevent that.
We tried to scoop up Zobelle
before Clay went in
loaded for bear.
So the V.P.’s working
behind Clay’s back?
Jax may have some suspicions
about what happened
to Donna Winston.
It’s a good thing Opie
didn’t get picked up.
How is he doing?
I don’t know.
You should ask him.
[ Wrench Crank/ng ]
[ Vehicle Approaching]
Why aren’t they
at school?
Grading day.
You get my message?
No. It’s been crazy here
with everybody gone.
I’m gonna head up to the cabin,
make sure Piney’s not dead.
Means you’re actually gonna
have to be a father today.
I’ll handle it.
The old man’s fine.
You know how he gets.
Yeah.
You behave
for your pop.
Okay.
[Mary]
Love you both.
Love you too, Grandma.
[ Car Door Closes ]
[Engine Stan‘s ]
[ Car Departs ]
[Chattering ]
Let ’em through.
Russell’s waitin’.
[ Objects C/atters 0n Tab/e ]
Understand you all got
safety concerns.
Just a bunch of short-timers
looking for some friends.
Monumental times,
my brothers.
Black man
in the White House.
Black saving white
in the big house.
[ Prisoner Laughing]
My cousin says
you’re dependable.
I’ve been working with Laroy
a long time.
Peckerwoods are flexing.
Protection ain’t gonna
come easy.
- What’s the price?
- Got a couple of affiliated
friends fall from grace.
Ratted out my nephew.
Need y’all to deliver ’em
to me.
That bitch over there
in protective custody.
Dion likes buff brown boys.
Notice you got yourself
one of ’em.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, we do.
Any other rat?
Vincent Bell, tranny dealer.
“T” girl’s gone AWOL
somewhere in Stockton.
Well, I’m gonna need some time
to reach outside.
So we do this,
black got our back?
When they’re both delivered,
Harley’s getting all kinds
of lo I/e from the family
ll/linutes are limited
Reach out wisely.
Can you hear me now?
[ Men Chuckle]
Yeah, you’re funny.
[Man ]
,r Riding through this world ,r
,r All alone ,r
,r God takes your soul ,r
,r You’re on your own ,r
,r The crow flies straight ,r
,r A perfect line ,r
J On the devil’s bed ,r
,r Until you die ,r
,r Gotta look this life ,r
,r in the eye ,/‘,/‘
What’s his name?
Hello.
Hi.
Where’s Grandma?
She went to go
find Grandpa.
Okay
ill take care of it.
That was Clay.
On the cell?
He needs me to run an errand.
It’s gonna take a while.
Okay.
I’ll have Neeta take Kenny and Ellie.
And I’ll just go grab the baby.
Pick ’em up from Jax’s?
Yeah.
Is there anything I can do?
Not right now.
[Men Chattering ln Garage]
[Man]
Yeah, yeah, / got it.
I put Opie on the tranny snitch.
He’s gonna use Trammel
to set her up.
- Opie’s doing it alone?
- We’re a little busy.
- Then tap another charter.
- Hey, why don’t you
get Hale to help?
All right!
What about the other one?
He’s over there in PC.
He’s got a thing
for Puerto Rican wood.
Ah, Juice bait?
Yeah.
Yeah. We gotta lure Dion
to some place Russell’s crew
can get to him.
Set it up.
I’ll let our black daddies
know it’s all in motion.
[ Guard]
Break it up!
Back behind the line!
Settle down.
Must be lonely up there, huh?
I know you, blondie?
New on the block.
I’m Clay.
Dion. Smoke?
Thanks.
Dion get you anything
you need, Clay.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
That face and body... get you
a lot of, uh, store credit.
[ Exhales ]
I appreciate the offer, man,
but I belong to him.
The fat guy with the beard
No accounting for taste.
Got other revenue.
Short, pretty one.
Stupid haircut.
[ Whistles ]
Absolutely doable, man.
Fifty credit.
Thirty.
Need a test drive.
Okay. I’ll make sure
he’s tuned up.
Where?
Infirmary.
Name’s Vincent Bell,
A.K.A. Venus.
He’s a tranny dealer.
I need you to track down
the he/she.
I’ll take it from there.
It’s direct from Clay.
Okay. Just plant it in the car.
All right? I don’t need
a warrant for that.
- Put it under the driver’s seat.
- And don’t skimp
on the dope, all right?
I need a lot more
than a misdemeanor
to get him into County.
Cool.
[Engine Starts]
[ Dial/ng ]
[Bobby]
Up. Just get it
off the bench.
How you doing,
beautiful?
What?
We, uh— We need you
to take one for the club.
Oh, Shit!
Snitch over there
finds you very appealing.
- Gotta get him outta PC.
for the family.
- Buys us protection.
Get him out how?
J‘ Boom boom-boom, boom, boom
Boom-boom J
Oh, come on!
Are you serious?
Nothing’s gonna happen.
You ’re just bait
Black will jump in
before he bites.
- Well, we hope.
- 50l50 chance you wind up
with no dick up your ass.
What?
[ Jax] / arranged a meet
at the P. C. infirmary.
You gotta distract Dion,
unlock the guard gate,
let in Russell’s crew.
- It’ll be a piece of cake.
- How do | get there?
[Punch Lands ]
[ Groans ]
- Guard!
- [ Guard] Open the gate.
Jesus Christ!
I think you cracked my rib.
I know. I’m sorry.
[ Buzzer Sounds ]
[ Moaning ]
[Woman ]
Yeah, I know, right?
Tighter, right?
Where’s Lyla?
She’s right over there.
I got your message.
What do you need?
Um—
I saw the coke vials
when l was working on your car.
Yeah? And?
I need to ask a favor.
Call your dealer.
Ask him to make a delivery,
half an ounce.
That’s a lot of blow.
What’s it for?
To help the club.
That’s all I can tell you.
[Sighs]
Shit.
Uh, Angus is an asshole.
Every time he makes a drop,
he won’t leave till I blow him.
So I guess you wouldn’t be
too upset if he never came back?
Should I ask why?
Look, you don’t know me.
I’m sorry for coming up
on you like this.
But... I’m up against it here.
I need your help.
And I promise that
it won’t blow back on you.
Okay.
Tighter.
[Sighs]
.I‘J‘ [Whistling]
[Knocking]
[ Unlocks Door]
Hi.
How you doing?
Juice.
[Locks Door]
Yes, you are.
Right.
You come prepared.
Oh, yeah. I like to be
responsible, you know?
- Good for you, Juicy.
- [ Laughs ] Yeah, yeah.
Wow. This is a lot nicer
than gen pop.
A little more intimate.
That too. Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Have a seat.
[Pats Rear End]
.I‘J‘ [Whistling]
You sore, baby?
Yeah, a little.
Hmm?
Okay!
[ Chuckles ]
Don’t be nervous, sweetheart.
I’m not.
I’m just—
You mind if we, uh,
move this to the bathroom?
Little more private.
Sure, baby.
I’m sort of shy.
Mm-hmm.
I like to get down to...
business.
,U‘ [ Whistling]
Just let me grab the condoms
real quick. Just—
,U‘ [ Whistling]
[Knocks]
Come on, honey.
Let’s get this done!
We’re coming!
Oh, Shit.
[ Groaning ]
Thanks.
I’m guessing
you won’t be needing these?
[Punches Land/ng ]
[ Buzzer Sounds ]
[Chattering ]
On the gate.
One coming in.
He’s smiling.
Maybe he did take one
up the ass.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, that’s one down.
[ Jax]
Just need Ope to come through,
then we got protection.
- [ Groans ]
- Oh, shit. It’s going down!
[Men Shouting]
- [ Groans]
- [ Jax ] Juice!
[Juice]
Get it out! Get it out!
[Man On P.A., lndist/nct]
[Bobby]
Guard! Guard!
[Groaning Loudly]
[Tig I
Come on!
[Alarm Blaring ]
Get him up.
Get that gate open.
Come on.
[Juice Groan/ng Loud/y ]
[Alarm Continues Blaring ]
[ Girls]
,r There is a balm
in Gilead ,r
J‘ To make the wounded whole ,I‘
,r There is a balm
in Gilead ,r
J‘ To heal the sin sick soul ,I‘
J‘ Sometimes I feel
discouraged J
,r And think my work’s
in vain ,r
,r But then the Holy Spirit ,r
J‘ Revives my soul again 3;
[ Man ] Good work, girls.
See you tomorrow afternoon
at 2:30.
[ Girls Chattering ]
Hi, sweetheart.
Is this your baby?
Oh! I’m Grandma.
- I’ll meet you out front,
Trissy.
- Okay.
Bye.
- She sings beautiful.
- I’m gonna be out of town
for the recital.
I’m trying to catch
some rehearsals.
You’re a good dad.
How’s she doing?
Dealing with the rape
and all?
Okay.
Therapy’s been helping a lot.
She’s starting to talk about it.
That’s good.
I heard about Clay.
[Sighs]
Yeah.
Your office told me
you were here.
Didn’t know
who else to go to.
Maybe it’s time
for a lesson, Gemma,
for all of us.
Maybe.
Mmm.
But this isn’t it.
Zobelle set up that bust.
He’s ripping apart the club.
He’s ripping apart Charming.
Clay outed Jacob Hale’s
bullshit scam.
Saved your land.
Thought maybe you’d like
to return the favor.
How big a favor?
300 against three mil.
Jesus Christ!
I’d have to put up the same land
for that kind of bail.
I mean, one infraction,
one guy splits,
I lose it all.
They’re not safe, Elliott!
If I don’t get them out
of there, I might not see
any of them again.
[Sighs]
I’m sorry.
Jesus Christ.
I’ve been waiting
10 goddamn minutes.
Sorry.
Let’s—
Let’s go inside.
- Oh, shit.
- [Angus ]
What the hell is this?
Luann hired security.
Get inside.
Relax, hot dog.
[Coughing]
Let’s call this
your harassment fine.
- You stupid bitch!
- Another word and
I blow your Jap head off.
I’m Chinese!
You’re gone.
We’ll see.
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah.
I’m just a little sad.
[ Fussing ]
Are you baptizing him?
The thought
did cross my mind.
I figured he could use
all the help he can get.
[ Scoffs ]
Not sure what I’m doin’.
Here.
[ Fussing ]
That’s it?
I think so.
Oh.
Thanks.
Come here, Abel.
Why are you so sad?
[Sighs]
My son and my husband...
got arrested.
Guess I— | just
don’t like being alone.
And that’s why
you came to my dad.
Money to get ’em out?
You’re a smart girl.
You seem happy, baby.
Yea h .
[Elliott]
Tristen.
Come on, sweetheart.
[Sighs]
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
[Prisoners Chattering ]
Okay.
Thanks, man.
Shank missed the Vitals.
Juice is gonna live.
[ Tig ] Good, good.
- Let’s hope we’re all that lucky.
- First part of the deal is done.
Opie will come through.
He’s on his way to Stockton
right now.
We should have protection
before morning.
Yeah, let’s
just hope Ope
is not here with us.
Yeah. Or dead.
Hmph.
[ l/ehic/e Door Closes]
[Motorcycle Starts]
[Engine Starts]
[Siren Wailing]
[ Gunshot]
Oh, shit!
[ Tires Screech]
[Groaning]
Goddamn.
Aw, shit, man.
I’m sorry.
I guess that bitch
didn’t want to be set up.
What do I do?
Get on my radio.
[ Panting ]
Officer down.
All right.
[ Groans ]
Officer down.
Probably smells like pussy.
Thanks.
You okay?
Yep.
[Sighs]
Thanks for not asking questions.
Okay.
Well, l-l gotta get going.
Pick up my kid.
Oh, shit.
I gotta pick up mine too.
Well, l was gonna take Piper
to get something to eat.
Your kids can come.
Pick them up
at my place later.
No, that’s okay.
Look.
I don’t know
what happened, Opie.
But maybe this isn’t
the best time for you
to be around your kids.
There’s never a good time
for me to be around my kids.
I know the feeling.
[Sighs]
Set-up on the tranny
went south.
Bitch got away.
Trammel took a bullet.
Belly wound.
Is Opie okay?
Yeah.
You got to talk to Russell.
Maybe getting Dion
buys us some protection.
[ Guard]
Morrow Come with us.
[ Clay]
What for?
No idea. Let’s go.
[Door Unlocking]
I ain’t never seen us
beat up this bad.
Half our crew
in hospital beds.
The med bills alone,
they’re gonna bury us.
Yep.
We got to fix
the things we can.
You and Clay,
whatever it is,
it’s gonna land on you
to make it right.
[ Scoffs ]
What makes you think
this would land on me?
Because Clay is old.
He’s mean.
And he is never gonna admit
that he made a mistake.
And he’s earned that.
Nah, man.
Time don’t mean shit.
I’m doing the best I can
to hold us together,
but if this split
gets any worse,
I’m gonna have to
pick a corner.
You know, this club
needs a healing, brother.
And you got to be
the one to deliver it.
[Sighs]
[ Gemma ]
Oh, that’s so good, Ellie.
Hi.
I’m here to pick up Opie’s kids.
I’m Lyla.
I know who you are.
Where’s Opie?
He’s doing something
for the club.
Porn girl’s here
for Kenny and Ellie.
You’re kiddin’ me.
I gotta pick up my kid
at my mom’s.
Told Opie I’d take ’em all out
for something to eat.
We already fed ’em.
Okay.
I’m just trying to help Opie.
We don’t know you.
We’re not about to turn
two kids over to some—
Some hottie
your boyfriend
jerks off to?
My guy’s not into
the underdeveloped tween thing.
Why don’t you go
pick up your own kid?
We’ll tell Opie there’s
been a change of plans.
Come on.
Is he out
of his goddamn mind?
[Buzzer Sounds ]
Perfect ending
to a shitty day.
Lot of shitty days
since we last talked,
huh?
Otto loses another eye,
car bombs,
assaulting Christians.
| get the sense that you
are losing control, Clay.
Which might explain why...
Ethan Zobelle...
is stealing
your gun source.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Pulls Chair Out]
Zobelle attacked Otto,
planted the bomb,
and he is now going
after your livelihood, Clay.
He’s unraveling the club.
You can stop that
from happening.
Let me have the IRA.
They’ve already
sold you out.
So you don’t lose anything.
And no guns
means that Zobelle
and his Aryan crew...
have no reason
to be in Charming.
Let me make
this arrest go away,
and everything returns
to normal.
The only |.R.A. | work with...
is the one my accountant
feeds at tax time.
Hmm.
How are the hands?
Hmm?
I watched my dad
go through the same thing.
Painful shit.
How long do you think
you have, Clay? Huh?
I know the rules.
Can’t ride. Can’t lead.
How long did your daddy last?
Seeing how you hate men,
I’m guessing he rubbed
those sore hands up and down...
your fine-ass body
for a long time.
Well...
I guess I really should speak
with the heir apparent.
[Pictures Rust/mg ]
It seems that Jax
has a better grasp
on the big picture.
I mean, I know that
he was working with Hale...
to get to Zobelle
before you did
something stupid,
like attack
a Christian family dinner.
You talk to whoever
the hell you want to.
You ain’t gonna get nothing
but the same truth.
You sure about that?
Hale tells me that things
have been a little tense
between you and your stepson,
you know,
since Jax figured out
that you killed Donna.
[Prisoners Chattering ]
[Door Unlocking]
Let’s go, Teller.
Hey, man.
Come on!
No! No!
They need this!
[Prisoners Shouting,
Cheering]
[ Prisoner] Do it!
Come on! Come on!
Get him, manl Come on!
- [Shouting Continues]
- [Man On P.A. ]
Code sill/er. Code sill/er.
We have a fight
in holding cell "D. ”
[Prisoner Gasps ]
[Jax Shouting]
[ Groans ]
[Alarm Blar/ng ]
Oh, yes!
[Gagging]
[Man]
Hold on there, baby!
Whoo/
[Man On P.A. ]
Code sill/er. Code sill/er.
We have a fight
in holding cell "D. ”
[Prisoners Continue Shouting]
[Alarm Continues Blaring ]
[Prisoner]
Go on, man. Go on!
[Prisoners Cheer]
[Prisoner]
He messed you up!
[ Both Grunting ]
Go!
Let’s go! Let’s l
Let’s go! go.
[Jax Grunts Loudly]
[Prisoners Continue Shouting]
[ Prisoner]
That ain ’t gonna do it!
Do it now!
[Footsteps Approach ]
Hey.
Tried calling.
No one answered.
Well, we’re
a little Shorthanded.
Mm-hmm.
What’s going on?
How long do you think
we can keep Charming
the way it is, Gemma?
Well, I don’t know.
Everything caves
under the weight of greed.
I’ve seen it my whole life.
Nothing stays simple.
Yeah.
Guess that’s true.
I called Rosen.
Posted bail a few hours ago.
Oh, my God.
Promise to keep ’em
out of trouble
until after the trial.
l’ll chain ’em to the auto lifts
if! have to.
[Laughs]
Okay.
Thank you, Elliott.
Thank Tristen.
Good night.
Hey, you guys. Let’s go.
Thank Tara.
Thank you, Tara.
You’re welcome.
You kids wait in the car.
They’re good kids.
Look, I’m sorry
about the Lyla thing.
I wouldn’t have done it
if I didn’t trust her.
Guess we made
a judgment call.
Maybe you weren’t
thinking clearly.
That sounds like
a judgment call.
She’s a porn star.
She’s a single mom.
She’s just trying to make it
work like the rest of us.
How’s Jax doing with it?
He’s figuring it out.
Good he has you to help him.
You’ll ﬁnd someone, Ope.
Time ’5 right, it’ll happen.
/ went by my place.
All of Mary’s shit is gone.
She split.
I’m sorry.
She cou/dn ’t be a mom
20 years ago,
can ’t do it now
We’ll help with the kids.
You’re not alone, Ope.
Yeah, lam.
Good night.
[Door Opens ]
[Door Closes ]
I know you want the MC.
on a better path.
Put some distance between
the law and the Harleys.
Legit porn business
is proof of that.
It’s real smart, Jax.
My guess is that you don’t
even want to be dealing guns.
I’m not after SAMCRO.
/ want Cameron Hayes ’5. ..
True |.R.A. contacts.
Consider it retaliation...
for the mick assholes
jumping ship.
And we both know that
you’ll never win this war
against Zobelle.
I’m not in a war.
You look pretty
battle worn to me.
Look, I don’t give
a shit about this beef
between you and Clay.
Your club, your business.
But maybe I can help you
repair the damage,
very least, keep you alive.
How long do you think
you’re gonna last out there
in the yard? Hmm?
They will pick you off
one by one,
same way they did Juice.
Then get us
a decent bail.
I’ll do better than that.
You give me inroads
to the Irish,
I’ll get you and the club
full immunity.
I might even be able to get
Otto’s parole back on track.
You have to think past
your hatred for me.
You’re smarter than that.
I am offering you...
a bigger picture.
You have a great girl,
a beautiful son.
I know how much
they mean to you.
Yeah.
[Chuckles]
My son, he’s given me...
a new pair of glasses.
You know?
Hmm.
| find myself thinking
about the things I do.
Things I say.
Ramifications.
You have to.
Not as angry or reactive.
I can see that.
For instance,
you showing me these photos,
trying to play my rage,
my need for revenge,
didn’t work.
See, / was able to take
a moment, think.
And I realized...
that if we did have
a relationship with the Irish,
which of course, we don’t,
what’d stop me
from tipping them off?
Lettin’ ’em know
you got ’em under thumb?
You took a huge risk
playing that card.
Which means you’re desperate.
You got nothin’.
Wow.
You really are
the smart one.
Oh, uh, by the way,
[Pictures Bang Tab/e ]
your bail was posted.
You’re all free to go.
Hey.
You ever heard from Kohn?
Dangerous being a fed.
[Footsteps Depart]
[Buzzer Sounds ]
[ l/ehic/e Approaches]
[Man ]
,r it’s a sight ,r
,r To behold ,r
[Man ]
,r When you got small words
to mold ,r
,r And you can make ’em
your own ,i
,r Still, love, it would be
much betterg‘
J Love, it would be
much betterf
,i l’m told,r
,r it’s like golden ,r
,r Corn ,r
,r And / love,r
,r lts golden g/o w,r
,r But, love, it would be
much better}
J Love, it would be
much betterf
,r lknow,r
,r lknow,/‘,r
English - US - PSDH